To the reader:

This is not a manifesto, not a license, just an idea. It has been learned over a lifetime of experience and has been seeded by some of the idealized situations that Science Fiction has shown us. It is important to realize that Science Fiction is only an idea; it is not the be-all and end-all of what we will do for the rest of our existence.

This is a draft of the postulates that have come out of what I have learned in my 40 years of life. We will work together, including you, to figure out how to implement this idea within the confines of our current global situation. That means we will need to create artifacts such as software licenses, agreements, and ways of working with todays cultures that will be used in this. Those artifacts will be used to implement the ideas herein so that we can transition from the situation we have now, into a better situation. Similar to Science Fiction, The better situation which is envisioned is not the be-all and end-all; its just the next step.

Coincidentally, the ideas below are inline and seem to surpass the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals for 2030:

https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/

The License and TOC:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/universal-floss/universal-floss-policy/master/LICENSE-TOC


I believe that working more than 5 hours a day is not fair to the people who can't get jobs. I believe that everything is 50% more than what it should be, at a minimum. I believe that we had a necessity of setting goals to achieve through economics and business interactions in order to get to this point in society. I believe that now that we are able to communicate in real time globally, that we have technology which can perform the tasks that humans have been performing for the past 10,000 years, that we should allow ourselves to evolve.

The dream of that evolution is to allow us to populate the universe (and beyond) without destroying anything.

Although the Universe is really old (13 Billion years or so...), for the last 300,000 years, we have been living, evolving, growing and prospering (here). Unfortunately we did not know how to do this without polluting our environment. The consequences of such are critical and can only be assumed to be caused by our prosperity and growth.

An example of this critical situation is that in 2016, an article was posted that stated: "Earth's atmosphere is leaking." (here) That just doesn't sound good, even if its a natural phenomenon, because as we know, we are ruining the oceans of the world which (amongst other things) is supposed to replenish our critical breathing component: Oxygen (here)

We have the ability to do anything we can conceive and some that we can't. Maybe not today, but soon.

If we work together, 8 billion people + machinery + computers + biology + chemistry + physics + all other forms of science, we will lift everyone out of poverty, improving our situations as well.

Please, work towards letting go of anger when you recognize it and figure out how to turn it into a positive output. You can't have white without black, and vice versa, you can't have good without bad, and vice versa. These are examples of transitioning through from the extremes of the spectrums. Since they are endpoints on the same range, there is no reason why negativity cant be turned into positivity, and why we can't all have a planet of our own if we want. Might be kinda lonely though.

I know who I am, and I am letting go of my anger.

The old me would have said "You guys don’t know what the f@*k you're doing. You're exploiting humanity so that the top few percent can control the direction of us, and keep the luxuries to yourselves. Why didn't you fix diseases that exist in poverty? Why didn't you eliminate poverty? Want me to continue? Don't worry though because I know and I'm going to tell you. It's because you're assholes that don’t care about anyone but yourselves. It's because you believe that you can't have rich without poor. It's because you are stuck in the linear confines of classical science and conditioning. Its because you are too scared to allow new thoughts and experiences and people to enter your life. It's because ..."

The new me, would much rather try to understand the situation and say stuff like the following: "Look, we were all stuck in a vicious cycle for 300,000 years or so. It was about survival and control. Its ok though. We didn't know any better. I am not mad and neither should you be, at anyone. When outsiders conquered your people, it was because they wanted more. When you fought back and killed the conquerors to get your stuff back, it was because it was yours to begin with and someone took it. You weren't wrong. They weren't either. Both sets of people were living to survive, not to help another person or tribe. Its ok though. I don’t blame you. I love you. Would you please try to let go of the negativity that is overwhelming you right now and love me? This is the sort of love that is intertwined in mutual respect, in concern for another, in the desire to elevate another person, to let them feel the good that you feel."

Don't you feel much better writing something inspirational like the previous paragraph, rather than the "old me" condemnation example.

This is who I am now. I would offer to you another way than what you have been taught, starting with this document.

It is time that we as 8 Billion beings trapped on a planet but allowed to travel the universe and places beyond Earth, worked together to reduce the likelihood of extinction when another asteroid hits us. Notice: We are talking about physical things flying around us, not aliens coming to destroy us. And besides, the truth is, if a being could travel across the universe to say hi, they could destroy us before we'd even responded. So why bother being concerned...?

Thank you for your time.
